[Music]
very good family how are you my dear
lovers of the heart I hope you are
enjoying the day Rocio
Juradó's lawyer criticizes Rocio Carrasco and to
this day they do not feel at all in agreement and at
all satisfied with the attitude that
Rocio Carrasco has been having lately and
that lately she is not doing
well swimming this has been
confirmed by Amador Mohedano and I will
tell you in a few minutes but not before
asking you please to subscribe to the
channel that you go commenting on the video
as I give you the information and
of course that you give it a like if
you like it you already know that Marco Garcia
Montes has represented not only
Rocio Juradó but the family for
many years he was the lawyer in charge
of defending Rocio Juradó during the
process in which Antonio David
Rodriguez Menendez sued the
singer for having called him an abuser
on an Argentine program and he went crazy
requesting one billion
pesetas they won this lawsuit  Rocio
Grados and her team in all
instances and to this day Antonio Abilita has
not paid the costs. Okay, he owes more than
170 thousand euros that this lawyer has not been
able to seize because it turns out
that with the production companies that
Antonio Davis has worked with, Antonio has not
paid them directly but rather they
paid him through companies through
accounts that were in Olga's name.
This is what the lawyer says. Okay,
what the lawyer has been telling us according to what
Amador tells us in one of the
last interviews. Every two years it turns out
that this lawyer, both in private and
in public on some occasions, but in
private, it seems that he has been
quite critical of things that
Rocío Carrasco is doing and that do not
add up. No, this man had many years
of friendship with Rocío Juradó, not only did he
represent her but also because of
lawyers' things, he had to talk
a lot with the family. In addition, to
this day, he also takes things to
Amador and if I'm not mistaken, also to
Gloria, to Rocío Juradó's brothers.
Okay, Rocío Carrasco, well, only the  I
represent him in the lawsuit that he filed against
Massiel, which by the way they also
won, they won because Massiel
all over her face and insinuated, well we didn't do it, she
said it, in fact, in
several programs, not only in the one they
showed in the documentary that Rocío
had like a bruise that it seems that the
makeup had to
hide a bruise, they have more played, she
started saying that in makeup they had
told her that the makeup artist had told her that
yes, they had to
hide a bruise because Fidel
mistreated her and that however, the head of
the makeup artists at Telecinco itself
denied it and therefore he lost more and
he lost 60 thousand bucks Geox, eye, eye, he
went too far, he went over the line three thousand
towns, no, well according to
Amador, this man is watching the
latest attitudes of Rocío Carrasco and he
is saying what is wrong with this
girl, no, what is wrong with
this girl lately because she is
doing other things, no, I cannot confirm this,
nobody confirms this, this is what I think, I
remember that Rocío  Carrasco said he would
sue
when in that Sálvame he said that Fidel
locked the children in their room
as if he was punishing them, as if he wasn't
very good to them. No, I don't know if
that lawsuit was ever filed, but
if it was, this same
lawyer is surely the one defending
Amador. No, in an interview, also
recently, this same lawyer, Marcos García
Montes, who says that under
no circumstances will he ever forgive
Antonio Ávila. The costs, okay, they are, it was a
process that they had to endure, that they
had to fight, and of course
Antonia Vi has to pay the costs, that she's
washing her hands, and that she's
even thinking of filing a
criminal complaint against him for concealment of assets.
Okay, so Marcos García Montes says that
Antonio Abi, to this day,
made mistakes in the past, not with this
lawyer that Menéndez hired and others,
but that today, legally, he
is much better equipped than
Rocío Carrasco. He is also a lawyer,
also in an interview, I know little with
Asela, the goalkeeper, saying that
Rocío  juror died peacefully knowing
that she had won in the second instance
the lawsuit filed against her by Antonio David
okay yes it is true that
several years later the
Supreme Court ruling came but she did not die
peacefully worried or thinking that she
had to pay him the money Antonio had or anything that Rocío Carrasco said in the first docushare I don't know if you remember that there was an episode in
which she said my mother died thinking that she would have to
pay him the money this guy
died uneasy with the upset you have to
see and no or rather she already won I think
the second instance well I think that the
lawsuit was filed in 2002 for some
statements from 2001 I think the
lawsuit was filed in 2002 I think in
2000 I
think in 2004 they already won and I think that
well I think that I think that in 2001
the lawsuit was filed that in 2002 they already
won that in 2004 the sentence was
ratified by the provincial court and
that there are already  Rocio Juradó was
calm, okay, the Supreme Court comes, well, it
was also confirmed. I
think it was like 2009 or 2008. I'm
speaking from memory and I'm not looking at
anything, I could be wrong by a year or two,
but Rossi achieved it, he didn't die
thinking about that, okay, so nothing, she
completely threw an environmental lawyer to Rocio
Carrasco and she doesn't agree at all,
according to Amador, although don't look, they
can't say no, it's not that he's a
trinquet, it's not that no, no, he's
against both Navy, that is, he doesn't support
Antonio David Flores at all and he has his little
problem with him there over the issue of
costs and because he's trying to
seize him. Also, okay, but no,
he doesn't like what Rocio
Carrasco has been doing lately and well, according to
Amador, he doesn't know what's wrong with her,
this girl, he doesn't believe what she's
doing,
comment, like, subscribe and
tell me above all what you guys think. I
really like this lawyer, it must
be brutal as a lawyer to see him in the courtroom
and nothing.  I'll be reading, see you in the
next video, family, a big hug
[Music]